i2c: Update terminology to match i2c spec (#43166)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/hardware/peripherals/i2c.rst

Overview
********

.. note::

   Zephyr recognizes the need to change the terms "master" and "slave"
   used in the current `I2C Specification <i2c-specification>`_.  This
   will be done when the conditions identified in
   :ref:`coding_guideline_inclusive_language` have been met.  Existing
   documentation, data structures, functions, and value symbols in code
   are likely to change at that point.

> 

Reviewer: I think it would beneficial to our readers to keep some sort of clarification to the terminology used within the Zephyr I2C controller/target APIs. People unfamiliar with the recent change of terminology in the I2C specification can have difficulties understanding it otherwise.

Author: This makes sense, I can add a new note pointing out that the terminology has been updated and redefine what a controller and target actually mean. I have no interest in directly mapping the old terminology to the new terminology, as that continues the propagation of it.

.. note::

>    The terminology used in the specification has changed. See
>    https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/27033

Reviewer: I'd prefer a reference to the specification instead of a Zephyr issue. 

```suggestion
   The terminology used in the Zephyr I2C APIs follows that of the `NXP I2C-bus specification and user manual (UM10204), Rev. 7.0 <https://www.nxp.com/docs/en/user-guide/UM10204.pdf>`_. 
```
